ok REDACTED, I’ve asked everybody so I’m going
      to ask you as well, um since we last spoke I believe you’ve had work
      experience and also some school holidays, so what did you do for work
      experience?
I worked at the Council, um REDACTED
right
and um that was pretty good, it was a bit boring though
what did you have to do?
like office filing and reception work
mm
stuff like that
how did you get on to that?
um well, it’s sort of nearby and both my parents work in public
      service
ok
so I though might as well try something like that
yeah
I just rang up and it was really easy to get it actually
yeah and did they pay you?
yeah I got five dollars a day  twenty dollars for the whole week

wow
so it was four days?
yeah
so did you spend that money on lunch every day?
um I spent in on chocolates that I bought the woman I was working
      for, she was really nice so I just
yeah
you know you get a good resume if you . so I thought I might as
      well, but it was ok
yeah . and what about your school holidays, what did you do for your
      school holidays?
um what did I do? um oh I went out with friends a couple of times, I
      saw a couple of movies
mm, what did you see?
um, that one, what’s it called?  um oh I can’t remember it’ll come
      to me in a minute
yeah
um, and what else, my grandparents, that’s about it really
mhm . you’ve got exams coming up?
yep, in a week, less than a  week
how do you feel about them?
I’m really nervous
yeah?
yes
yeah, why are you nervous?
haven’t prepared enough I think
yeah
yeah and especially maths
you know everybody has said maths
yeah
 why is that?
oh I dunno I’m doing a VCE maths and it’s so hard
ohh is it?
yeah . and I shouldn’t have done it I don’t think
oh well, you wouldn’t have been able to do it if you weren’t capable
I guess
yeah . so,
I mean, the exam’s where you get tested anyway
mm . what about an exam that you’re not really bothered about?
probly English
English yeah . you like English
it’s my favorite subject
yeah
and science, I’m not really worried about that
mm . what sorts of things have you been doing in science?
um, we’ve been doing, we’re doing safety on the roads and um
      transport
right
behaviour
oh behaviour, right
that was interesting
yeah that’s like psychology
yeah we had to make a study of an animal or a human
mm?
you know, that we could test for behaviours and see what happens,
      that was interesting
right good . mm, and you’ve got school holidays then after the exams
      or still a few weeks after the exams?
um  two weeks after, and we start semester two before holidays . it’s
      really wierd they didn’t do that last year
mm
they reckon that we’re going to get to test out the subjetcs before
      we start them for real
oh I see
it’s a bit stupid I think
you don’t agree with it?
no
you’d rather have the exams just before the holidays?
and then you can sort of relax for them
yeah coz they’ll probly give you homework to do over the holidays
yeah exactly
 there’s method in their madness
 that’s about it
mm, oh well, well look I’m going to ask you to read some senteces for
      me
ok
um if you could just read from one down to eighteen and just read
      them aloud as you normally would
ok
Δ( δΙγ(ζ φαΥν ΔΙ (Υπ(⊃ σι⎤μΘκσΙδενσ ωΙλ ηΘπΗ(νΔΙ ΘΙδΖδ (π(ι⎤ΣΙΘΙτ ?((⊃ κ(μϕ←⎤νΙκΘΙΣν1 (α⎤Δ( Δ(ν μεμ(ΥζΔ( μΘ⎤ν Ιν Δ( κϕ←⎤ νϕ←⎤ ηι⎤ ω(ζ ωΘΙστΙΝ ηΙζ τΗαΙμΔ( π?τ η?⊃δ( ω?ζ ηΙζ κ(Ισμ(σ γΙφτμι⎤γ(ν β(?⎤τ| Ιν ( πε⎤(?ϖ λεΔ( β←⎤τσ Θν πΥτ| Δεμ ?ν⎤ Δ( (℘γϕ←⎤ κ(ν (Ι⎤ηιτ παϕελα φ( τΗι⎤στΕ⊃α ηΘζ τωΙν β?Ιζ ν? Δεν ( λΙΡλ? γ∈⎤⊃( ωεντ⎨ τ( βαΙ σ(μ λΙλΙζ⎤ (ϖ Δ( ϖΘ⊃Ικωι⎤νζλΘν ναΥ πλΘΙζ Ιν μ(((Υν νϕ←⎤ ϕ?⎤κ νϕ←⎤ σαΥΤ ωΘΙ⊃ζ Ιζ σκαΙ βλ←⎤ Θν
       ϖΙκτ?⎤(Ιϕαζ δα⎤κ βλ←⎤αΙ π(Ιφ∈⎤ φ(αΙδΘΙζ τ( μ℘νδΘΙζ Θν σΘτ⁄(δΘΙζ τ( σ℘νδΘιζηαΥ ?Υ⊃δ⎨ δ←⎤ ϕ( ηΘϖ τ( βι τ( γετ ( π((ϖΙΖν?(⊃ δ(αΙϖΙΝ λαΙσενσ Ιν
       (στΣ(ΘΙϕααΙ ασϕ←⎤μ ΔΘτσ βΘΙσΙκλΙ (αΙτ β(τ⁄ (τ λι⎤σ Δε⎤ζ ν(Υ κ?ντ((ϖ∈⎤σΙ (βαΥτ| Δ(
       β?Ιζ (δ(εσ ηΙ λΙϖζ ηΙϕ(ω?(| πι⎤π(⊃ νι⎤δ Ιζ ϖ(ΥκΘΙΣν?(λ εδΖ(κΘΙΣν?δ← ϕ←⎤ ν(Υ πι⎤π(⊃ ωΙΤ δΙφ((ν (ι⎤δΖν?(⊃ Θκσενσ?ν αΥ( τΥ( (ϖ Δ( μ℘(Ι (Ιϖ( ωΙ ω?τΣτ β∈⎤δζ κ?⎤τ| σ(μ β(Ιμ Θν αΔ( φΙΣ Θνδ8
τΣ(αΙδ αΥτ| σ(μ (κω?τ⁄Ικ σπ?⎤τσ  ωι ?⎤⊃σ(Υ ωεντ⎨ τ←⎤ ( κΘτ⁄λ? ?κΣν? (ν ω(ν
δΘΙ ωι φαΥνδ α σμ?⎤⊃ σ?⊃τ λΘΙκτΘΙκ ι⎤Δ( Δ( σεϖεντΗΙτΗ←⎤ φ((μ μαλϖ(ν ?⎤ ΔΙ Θιτ φ((μ ηαΙ στΣ(ι⎤τ ΔΘΙ β(ΥΤ
       γ(Υ τ( σω?νστ(ν ω?⎤κσΙτΙ μεν τΣ(αδΙΣ(ν(⊃Ι ω?⎤ β(Υ⊃? ηΘτσ β(τ Δε⎤ ϖε(Ι (ε⎤ ναΥβι ΘΙ ελ ελ ΘΙ α∏ ΘΙ τι(Υ (Υ δι εν ΘΙ δι Θι τι τι ΘΙΘΙτΣ (Υ α∏ εσ ΘΙτΣ ΘΙ εμβι⎤τ β←⎤τ σΘΙ σ(Υ ηαΙ ηαΥ π?τ φΙϑ( ηε⎤ κα⎤ β?⎤( τΥΩ( βαΙ τ?Ι πΙν α φΙΣ  α ∪πΥ⊃ αΥτ  α ∪σελ αΥτ  ∪σελΙΝ   α ∪γετ⁄℘π   α ∪γετ⁄ (ωΘΙ κα⎤
       ∪σετ⁄ ℘π   τ← ∪σελ℘π
τ← πΥ⊃ ∪αΥτφΙΣ  ∪πΥ⊃ αΥτ  ∪σελ αΥτ  ∪σελΙΝ   ∪γετ⁄℘π   ∪γετ⁄ (ωΘΙ κα⎤   ∪σετ⁄ ℘π
       ∪σελ℘π   ∪πΥ⊃ αΥτ|