What did you do over Christmas, REDACTED?
Oh went overseas.  Went to the States and I went to Canada.
Okay.  How long for?
Er.  Three weeks.
Three weeks?  Right.  And whereabouts in the States did you go?
I went up the East er up the West Coast um started off in Los Angeles
    and went up to San Francisco and then to Seattle and we went over the
    boarder to Vancouver.
Right.  Okay.  Do you celebrate Christmas in your family?
Uh no.
No.  Okay.
Er but well, I mean, we have the token Christmas decorations but no
    we don't celebrate it.
You don't.  Do you give presents to each other?
Not particularly, no.
Right, okay.  So it's really the summer holidays for you rather than
    the Christmas holidays.
Uh yeah basically.
Yeah.
Well it's not really summer because we usually go to the Northern
    hemisphere.
Yeah.
It's the anti-summer holidays.
Do you do you enjoy hot weather?
Uh no, not at all.
No, especially not at the moment.
No.
Yeah.  And what subjects are you doing this year?
Uh all the sciences.  That sort of thing, um.  Physics, Chemistry, uh
    Information Technology, Chinese.  Accelerated Maths.
Do you speak Chinese?
Uh well I speak Cantonese.  Um.  I'm studying Mandarin.
Okay.
So er well it it they're the same words only pronounced differently.
I see.
And different style.
Right.  Do you speak Chinese at home?
Uh yeah.  A little bit.  Oh well a fair bit.
Yeah so would you always speak Cantonese with your parents?
No I speak a mix of Cantonese and English.  Just when well, some
    things I can't express in English and I'll say it in Cantonese and some
    things I really can't express in Cantonese and I'll use English.
Okay.  Uh.  Do you have any brothers and sisters?
Yeah.  I have a sister.
Okay.  Is she older or younger?
She's younger.  She's fifteen, I'm sixteen.
Okay.  Well that's fairly close in age.
Yeap.
Yeah.  And do you have any other family here in Australia or is there
    just your
Well uh uh.  My entire family's migrated to Australia at once.  And
    so when my parents came my grandfather came.
Right.  Okay.  Now you were saying that you do all the sciences.
    What do you intend to do when you finish school?
Uh.  Well.  People would want me to do Medicine but oh I'm not really
    interested in it.
Right.
I'm probably more Computer Science or Commerce sort of stuff.
Okay.  When you say "people" do you mean your parents or your
Oh everyone.
Everyone?
Everyone.  Oh um, you're going to be a brain surgeon I'm like, no.
Right.  So you must be very good at Chemistry and Physics and Maths.
Well actually I suck at Chemistry but I'm more than able in most of
    the subjects.
Oh I see.  But your main interest is in Computing and
Yeah.
and Economics.
Yeap.
and all that.  Okay.  Have you decided which university you'd like to
    go to?
Well, I haven't decided which one I'd like to go to but I I know of
    some that I would like to go to um.  I mean um I wouldn't mind going to
    the Melbourne, University of Melbourne.  But I would still like to go
    overseas like Nivey Leaks Nivey Leaks School in the United States.
Oh right.  Yeah.  Are you very familar with the United States?
Uh not very but I am quite familar with it.  I I did a six week
    exchange in Seattle
Oh I see.
just last year.
Yeah.  How did you find that?
It was really good actually.  Uh I got I got a good chance to um see
    the MicroSoft Campus up there, um which was really interesting um and
    well I I got to well experience basically um both you know, American
    culture, co-ed classes.
Yeah.
Um a small school.
Yes.
Um that sort of thing.
Have you been at REDACTED for the whole of your
    school life?
Pretty much.
Yes.
I was at REDACTED for about two weeks.
Oh okay.
When I first came.
Yeap.
But um and then there was um the kindergarten stuff in HongKong.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.  Do you find it's an advantage being bilingual?
Yeah, definitely.  Um, well I mean, I'm almost trilingual now um.
Yeah, of course.
And it it I just find it it helps me get along with people um
    especially because we have a lot of Asians in our year level.
Yeah of course.
I can if someone doesn't understand I can try a different language
    sort of thing um and like I can give a <???> new guys help around the
    school.
Right.
And I just find it basically easier to mix with people.
Mmmhmm.  Are you interested in other languages, besides Chinese?
Well um.  I would be but I don't think I've got time to learn them.
Right.
I mean, I am learning things like, I mean you they're not languages
    you communicate to people but like computer programming languages which
    are like you know, written languages which
Yes.
Yeap.  You have to learn them.
Yes.
And um.
So you're interested in programming?
Well yeah, a little bit.
Yeah.  And do you use the Internet?
Yeap.
Yeah.  So you're up there surfing the net.
I guess I guess everyone's using the net
Yeah.
nowadays.
Yeah.  It's become very popular hasn't it?  Okay I need you to read
    out a few sentences for me.  If you don't mind.  Just just one at a
    time from one down to eighteen.  Um.  And just read them as you would
    normally.  Just out loud.
Sure.

                            Sentences Transcript.

1.  The diggers found the opal seam.
Δ↔ δΙγ↔ζ φαΥνδ Δ↔ οΥπ↔λ σιμ
2.  Accidents will happen!
Θκσ↔δ↔ντσ ωΙλ ηΘπ↔ν
3.  The aged appreciate oral communication rather than memos.
Δι εΙδΖδ ↔π ↔πρισιεΙτ ?ρ?λ κ?μϕυνικΕΙΣ↔ν ραΔ↔ ΔΘν μεμ↔Υζ
4.  The man in the queue knew he was wasting his time.
Δ↔ μΘν Ιν Δ↔ κϕυ νϕυ ηι ω?ζ ωΕΙστΙΝ ηΙζ ταΙμ
5.  The pot holder was his Christmas gift.
Δ↔ π?τ ηοΥλδ↔ ω?ζ ηΙζ κρΙστμ↔σ γΙφτ
6.  Megan brought in a pair of leather boots and put them on the rug.
μεγ↔ν βρ?τ Ιν ↔ πΕ↔ρ ↔ϖ λΕΔ↔ βυτσ Θνδ πΥτ ΔΕμ ?ν Δ↔ ρ℘γ
7.  You can reheat paella for tea.
ϕ↔ κ↔ν ριηιτ πΕΙιλα φ? τι
8.  Stella had twin boys, and then a little girl.
στΕλα ηΘδ τωΙν β?Ιζ Θνδ ΔΕν ↔ λΙτ↔λ γ∈λ
9.  I went to buy some lilies-of-the valley.
αΙ ωΕντ τ↔ βαΙ σ℘μ λΙλιζ ↔ϖ Δ↔ ϖΘλι
10.  Queensland now plays in maroon, New South Wales in sky blue and
   Victoria in dark blue.
κωινζλΘνδ νοΥ πλΕΙζ Ιν μ↔ρυ μ↔ρεΥν νϕυ σαΥΤ ωΕΙλζ Ιν σκαΙ βλυ Θνδ ϖΙκτ?ρΙ↔
   Ιν δακ βλυ
11.  I prefer Fridays to Mondays, and Saturdays to Sundays.
αΙ πρ↔φ↔ αΙ πριφ∈ φραΙδΕΙζ τ↔ μ℘νδΕΙζ Θνδ σΘτ↔δΕΙζ τ↔ σ℘νδΕΙζ
12.  How old do you have to be to get a provisional driving licence in
   Australia?
ηαΥ ↔λδ δ↔ ϕ↔ ηΘϖ τ↔ βι τ↔ γΕτ ↔ προΥϖΙΖ↔ν↔λ δραΙϖΙΝ λισ↔νσ Ιν ↔στρΕΙλϕα
13.  I assume that's basically right - but at least there's no controversy
   about the boy's address: he lives here.
αΙ ↔σϕυμ ΔΘτσ βεΙσΙκλι ραΙτ β℘τ ↔τ λιστ ΔΕ↔ζ νοΥ κ↔ντρ?ϖ↔σι ↔βαΥτ Δ↔ β?Ιζ
   ↔δρΕσ ηι λΙϖζ η↔Ι↔
14.  What people need is vocational education.
ω?τ πιπ↔λ νιδ Ιζ ϖοΥκΕΙΣ↔ν↔λ ΕδϕυκΕΙΣ↔ν
15.  Do you know people with different regional accents?
δυ ϕυ νοΥ πιπ↔λ ωΙΤ δΙφρ↔ντ ριδΖ↔ν↔λ ΘκσΕντσ
16.  On our tour of the Murray River, we watched birds, caught some bream
   and other fish, and tried out some aquatic sports; we also went to a
   cattle auction, and one day we found a small salt lake.
?ν αΥ↔ τΥ↔ ↔ϖ Δ↔ μ℘ρι ρΙϖ↔ ωι ω?τΣτ β∈δζ κ?τ σ℘μ βριμ Θνδ ℘Δ↔ φΙΣ Θνδ τραΙδ
   αΥτ σ℘μ ↔κω?τΙκ σπ?τσ ωι αλσοΥ ωΕντ τυ ↔ κΘτλ ? ?κΣ↔ν Θνδ ω℘ν δΕΙ ωι
   φαΥνδ ↔ σμ?λ σ?λτ λΕΙκ
17.  Take either the seventy-two from Malvern or the eight from High Street
   - they both go to Swanston Walk.
τΕΙκ ιΔ↔ Δι σΕϖ↔ντι τυ φρ?μ μ?λϖ∈ν ? Δι ΕΙτ φρ?μ ηαΙ στριτ ΔΕΙ βοΥΤ γοΥ τ↔
   σω?νστ↔ν ω?λκ.
18.  City men traditionally wore bowler hats but they're very rare now.
σΙτι μΕν τρΘδΙΣ↔νλι ω? βοΥλ↔ ηΘτσ β℘τ ΔΕ↔ ϖΕρι ρΕ↔ νοΥ
19.  Ballarat, Oodnadatta, Horsham.
b     a     double l   a     r    a     t
o     o     d    n     a     d    a     t    a
haitch      o    r     s     haitch     a    m