one of the questions would probably be um the same as what you asked
    for.  Now I just need to get your surname IDENTIFYING MATERIAL
    REMOVED.
It's REDACTED. REDACTED.
Right.  What did you do during the summer holidays?
Uh, during the summer holidays I went to Pambula, in New South Wales.
Right.
Uh, we stayed there for two weeks and did a lot of surfing and stuff
    like that.  Um the weather was pretty good most of the time.  Um about
    twenty-eight degrees so it was a fair bit cooler than it is at the
    moment.
That's perfect isn't it?
That's perfect.  It's not too hot, not too cold.  Apart from that I
    did a fair bit of running and stuff like that and we visited our family
    in Bendigo.
Mmmhmm.
for a couple of days but that was about it.
Right.  Do you have a large family?
Yeah, on my Mum's side, she has five uh she has three sisters and two
    brothers.
Mmmhmm.
so there's six in her family.  On my Dad's side there's two.  He's
    got two brothers but we didn't visit them because they're in HongKong
    so
Right.
Yeah.
Okay.  And what about your immediate family?
Yeah, I've got one sister and well the dog he's part of the family
    so yeah
Of course.  Is your sister older or younger?
She's younger.  She's uh gunna turn eleven in July.
Oh I see.
Yeah.
So what grade's she in?
She's in Year Five at the moment.
Right.
REDACTED.
Okay.  Right.  Where will she be going to school?
She's gunna go to REDACTED (???) ah probably
    Year Seven.
Right.  Okay.  That's good.  So do you celebrate Christmas in a big
    way in your family?
Um.  Pretty much.  My sister's at the age, sort of, she's just
    realised there's no such thing as Santa but she's still like really big
    on presents and stuff like that.
Yeah.
and my Mum and Dad
So am I.
exactly, so am I, and uh we all enjoy giving gifts to each other and
    stuff like that.  Yeah.
So it's pretty big in our family.
Did you get anything exciting for Christmas?
Me?
Yeah.
Um I did actually.  I got a cricket bat signed by Don Bradman so
    that was pretty special.
Oh wow!
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was really good, I wasn't expecting it but I'll certainly take it.
Yeah, what a surprise!
Yeah exactly.
Did you go to Merimbula at all when you were in Pambula?
Yeah, definitely.  Um.  You know, whenever we needed anything from
    the Supermarket or need to buy anything we go straight to Merimbula
    cause that's where everything is.
Yeah.
Um.  Yeah.  It's only five k's or something.
That's right.  You can actually walk between the two.
You can you can.  I walked in a coupla times and I ran in a coupla
    time so
Yeah.
It was a good view.
So you're really into running?
Yeah.  I really enjoy running.  Um do a lot of sport; cricket,
    football, athletic all stuff like that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.  Um do you like this hot weather?
Um.  It's a little bit annoying.  It's a little bit too hot cos last
    night I wasn't allowed to go for a run my mum said cos it was too hot.
Yeah.
even though I was prepared to go.  It was probably lucky she stopped
    me in the end because it was a bit hot but um I prefer about between
    twenty and twenty-five degrees I think that's about ideal.
That's ideal.
Yeah, you know forty degrees is a bit hot and so
Yeah.
it prevents you like we don't have cricket training tonight because
    it's just too hot so
Oh I see.
It's a little bit annoying like that.
Are your classrooms air-conditioned?
Uh no, that's why I'm pretty happy to be sitting here at the moment,
    because it's nice and cool um I think there's one class in the whole
    school that's air-conditioned and I don't have any classes in that so
ooooh.
Yeah it's a bit disappointing, yeah.
Yeah.  What subjects are you doing this year?
I'm doing Maths Methods, English, Economics, Accounting, Psychology
    and Year Twelve P.E.
Mmmhmm and what do you intend to do?
I'd love to be a sports psychologist.
Right.
Eventually.
Yeah.
Um I reckon that'd be fantastic I'm really enjoying Psychology at the
    moment.
Yes.
um but sports psychology would just be the ultimate
Yeah.
for me, yeap.
So you'd have to do Psychology in order to do that.
Not necessarily.  It's not a pre-requisite um.
No.  I don't mean at um school but at university.
Yes, yes.  Hopefully I'd like to do a sort of Commerce, Psychology
    course.
I see.
And then sort of cross into sports psychology after that.
Right, yeah.
Yeah, so that'd be fantastic.
Have you thought about where you can do that?
Melbourne Uni there is a course um and the TER score that they
    require is probably what I'm look at so
Yeah.
Yeah, that's my goal.
Yeah.  Oh good.
just to get out of here.  ????
Sounds like you've got it all planned.
I do.
Yeah.
Yeah.  And I'd like to play sport at ah at a high level I don't
    know what sport yet um it would either be cricket or football.
mmm.
But I'm still working at that so yeah that would be good too.
Well being so interested in sport, and sports psychology, um I guess
    you're really looking forward to the 2000 games.
Exactly, yeah.
Yeah.
That'll be awesome.
great to get some work experience, wouldn't it?
Oh tremendous yeah all those fantastic athletes and um
Yeah.
sports men and women, the best in the world it'd be tremendous
Yeah.
I mean, I'm sure I'll go.  Whether or not I'm working there or not
Yeah.
I don't know yet but yeah, that'd be tremendous.
Oh, sounds good.
Yeah.
Well I'm going to ask you to read out some sentences for me.  They're
    not too difficult.  Just read them as you normally would from one down
    to eighteen.

                            Sentences Transcript.

1.  The diggers found the opal seam.
2.  Accidents will happen!
3.  The aged appreciate oral communication rather than memos.
4.  The man in the queue knew he was wasting his time.
5.  The pot holder was his Christmas gift.
6.  Megan bought in a pair of leather boots and put them on the rug.
7.  You can reheat paella for tea.
8.  Stella had twin boys, and then a little girl.
9.  I went to buy some lilies-of-the valley.
10.  Queensland now plays in maroon, New South Wales in sky blue and
Victoria in dark blue.
11.  I prefer Fridays to Mondays, and Saturdays to Sundays.
12.  How old are you, do you have to get How old do you have to be to get a
provisional driving licence in Australia?
13.  I assume that basically right - but at least there's no controversy
about the boy's address: he lives here.
14.  What people need is vocational education.
15.  Do you know people with different regional accents?
16.  On our tour of the Murray River, we watched birds, caught some bream
and other fish, and tried out some aquatic sports; we also went to a cattle
auction, and one day we found a small salt lake.
17.  Take either the seventy-two from Malvern or the eighty from High
Street - they both go to Swanston Walk.
18.  City men traditionally wore bowler hats but they're now very rare.
19.  Ballarat, Oodnadatta, Horsham.
Capital b   a    double l    a    r     a    t
o     I'll go
double o    d    n     a     d    a     t    a
capital haitch   o     r     s    haitch     a     m